Gross summary/Ideas:
   Set in the year 800 A.D. in England. Right in the middle of the Viking invasion and all the epic battles against King Alfred "the great".
   Vikings were making quick work of the English army, but did not take enough precaution while burying all of the fallen soldier.
   At first, only a few isolated accidents happened. Warriors made of bones were mentioned and folks began to fear for their lives.
   Great heroes being in short supply, with all this invasion stuff going on, the different Viking clans decided to each send out one of their own to investigate and get rid of these so called undead/skeleton warriors.
   Hence began the unsung tales of four heroes (more like expendable pawns if you ask me) sent on a quest, that should have amounted to little more than trash disposal, but would later be known as the epic of Viking Doom.


   Along the way our weary travelers were able to regain some of their lost health and upgrade their equipments, when encountering merchant caravans.


   At last before them stood the most amazing of all the treasures, they ever laid eyes upon. One that would give all their sacrifices, hardship and questing a meaning. Unfortunately, those riches were closely guarded by a giant dragon as red as Loki's fire and as big as a mountain.


   So tread carefully and keep you sword in your hands lest you end up in Hel's cold embrace for all eternity.


Heroes names:
   + Ivar the boneless
   + Ubba the fearless
   + Guthrum the unlucky
   + Halfdan the cruel 


If the glorious tales of sword wielding Viking battling gigantic dragons in hope of treasures, renown and fresh mead, does not sounds like something you would want to waste your time on, you can safely skip to the next section.


      The year is 875 after the birth of the Saxons' god (yes, that's Jesus Christ for all of you pagans out there). In less than 5 years time, the Danes have plundered their way through most of England, but are being hold back at Wessex's doors, the richest of the kingdoms, by the armies of King Alfred "the great". Any viking worth his salt and with a wish to make a name for himself is fighting in the south, while in the rest of England entire danish families are brought from over the sea to settle in and make profit from the land.
   One dark evening, while gathering firewood in the forest a young girl, named Freya, makes the strangest of encounter. A little further away from where she stood, a soldier was wandering aimlessly sometime knocking his head against a tree, falling to his knees, getting back up and shuffling forward again. At first she thought he was nothing more than a guard back from the town's tavern, but on closer inspection the warrior seemed to be made of bones only, no skin could be seen on his face or even under his armor. Horrified, Freya ran back to her parents, abandoning all here firewood on the spot (and that's a damn waste). Later that night, Freya's gruesome encounter was reported to the chieftain and word spread across the country of skeleton soldiers walking the land.
   As time passed on, more and more sightings were reported, but with all this invasion stuff going on in Wessex the viking leaders (also called Jarls) were none too pleased to have to leave their best warriors behind. It was then decided that each clan should send forth one warrior of their choosing to rid the countryside of any sword wielding skeleton. Hence began the unsung tales of our four heroes (more like expendable pawns if you ask me), Ivar "the boneless", Ubba "the fearless", Guthrum "the unlucky" and Halfdan "the cruel", sent out on a quest that amounted to little more than "very old" trash disposal, but that would later be known as the Epic of VikingDoom. Most would say that the rest is history and that you should not worry yourself too much with the past, even more so with that kind of past.
   But the legends tells us otherwise, our disposable warriors traveled the earth far and wide, spending days after days, months after months dispatching killing undead soldiers again, only able to rest to regain some of their lost health and upgrade their equipment. After years of walking (vikings do not like riding horse, like not at all), they finally arrived at the entrance of at the entrance of giant cave. Inside they discovered the most amazing of all the treasures, but soon realized that it was closely guarded by a giant dragon as red as Loki's fire. With all those reaches in sight and in hope of making a name for themselves as well (could not do that in Wessex like anyone else now could they?), but most of all to give some meaning to their unending quest, they fought harder than ever before and vanquished the dragon.
   "Wait a minute here! That is not how it ends at all." I hear you say, well are not you so smart? Do you think you have what it takes to achieve everlasting glory? Very well then the place is yours, you tell the story.

   Welcome to the world of VikingDoom !!! Will you be able to fight your way through hordes of skeletons and orcs to finally get a chance at this dragon slaying business? A world of wisdom to guide you in your task: Henceforth tread carefully and keep your sword tightly gripped in your hands lest you end up in Hel's cold embrace for all eternity (well not forever, but at least until the Ragnarök, you know ... end of the world and all that).
